# DECO7180-Infinity-Travel
## About our project
Our project is about a game-based website called Infinity Travel, which is a simple retro game presented in a relatively old pixel style, it not only provides people who prefer this kind of game a way to entertain, but also brings them a precious memory back to the past. Also this application presents the history of Queensland by showing players the people and places of Queensland in days of yore, which again reflects the core concept of this game - to show our yearn and respect to those memorable times in the past.
## Inspiration
As for the inspiration of our project, we generate our ideas from the retro games. The pixel style of these games has its special charm and attract people from different ages. Particularly, these are the games with the style that would bring some people back to their childhood or teenagehood, when these simple one-key controlled pixel games(only need to push space key to jump) such as “Flappy Bird” were very popular. This kind of game is easy for players to understand as well as to operate, yet could also be challenging and provide as much entertainment.Even with well developed technology of today, Google still put this “Dinosaur Jump” game on its website for users to play when they were not able to access the internet, which again confirm the solid status of classic pixel games. The dataset we chose is called “Picture of Queensland”, which include the URL of the old photos of queensland, the photo descriptions, and latitude and longitude coordinates of the photo shooting location, etc. These old photos are naturally associated with the theme of time travel. So the retro game theme, time-traveling and old photos are combined to become the current game site.
# demo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRWmM6HAJjg&t=2s
